.\" In .TH, FOO should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parms are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\"
.\" This template provided by Tom Christiansen <tchrist@jhereg.perl.com>.
.\" 
.TH  BP-CFG2SERVICE-CFG 8
.SH NAME
bp-cfg2service-cfg \- Business Process Addon Service Creation Program
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBbp-cfg2service-cfg\fR [\fB-f\fR \fI<config_file>\fR]
[\fB-tt\fR \fI<template_toplevel>\fR] [\fB-tm\fR \fI<template_minor>\fR]
[\fB-o\fR \fI<output_file>\fR] [\fB-s\fR \fI0\fR|\fI1\fR]
[\fB-n\fR \fI0\fR|\fI1\fR] [\fB-h\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbp-cfg2service-cfg\fR is a script that reads in a business process
definition file, creates nagios-style service checks according to the included
business processes and outputs them in a service checks file.
.PP
For more information you can visit bp-addon website:
.IP
http://bp-addon.monitoringexchange.org/
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-f\fR \fI<configfile>\fR
Name of the business process definition file (if not explicitly specified
the default file /usr/local/bp-addon/etc/business-processes.conf is used).
.TP
\fB-tt\fR \fI<template_toplevel>\fR
Name of the toplevel template (if not explicitly specified the default
toplevel template generic-bp-service is used).
.TP
\fB-tm\fR \fI<template_minor>\fR
Name of the sublevel template (if not explicitly specified the default
sublevel template generic-bp-detail-service is used).
.TP
\fB-o\fR \fI<output_file>\fR
Name of the service checks file (if not explicitly specified the default file
/usr/local/nagios/etc/services-bp.cfg is used).
.TP
\fB-s\fR \fI0\fR|\fI1\fR
Skip or don't skip the creation of services checks from business processes with
display 0 (if not explicitly specified the default is to not skip them).
.TP
\fB-n\fR \fI0\fR|\fI1\fR
Skip or don't skip the creation of service check notes from business processes
descriptions (if not explicitly specified the default is to skip them).
.TP
\fB-h\fR
Display the usage message for \fBbp-cfg2service-cfg\fR.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
On success running \fBbp-cfg2service-cfg\fR 0 is returned.
.SH ERRORS
On error running \fBbp-cfg2service-cfg\fR an error message is
returned and the return code is set accordingly.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fI/usr/local/bp-addon/etc/business-processes.conf\fR
business process definition file
.TP
\fI/usr/local/nagios/etc/services-bp.cfg\fR
service checks file
.SH AUTHORS
Bernd Stroessenreuther <berny1@users.sourceforge.net>
